Proofreading - previously checked files (#11750)
openvinotoolkit/openvino: docs/install_guides/configurations-for-ncs2.md

.. _ncs guide:

.. _ncs guide raspbianos:

.. _ncs guide macos:

@endsphinxdirective

@sphinxdirective

.. tab:: Linux

>    Once you have your Intel® Distribution of OpenVINO™ toolkit installed, follow the steps below to be able to work on NCS2:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   After installing Intel® Distribution of OpenVINO™ toolkit, follow the steps below to be able to work on NCS2:
```

   1. Go to the `install_dependencies` directory:

   .. code-block:: sh

      cd <INSTALL_DIR>/install_dependencies/

   2. Run the `install_NCS_udev_rules.sh` script:

   .. code-block:: sh

      ./install_NCS_udev_rules.sh

   3. Reboot of your machine may be required for this to take effect.

   This completes all required configuration steps to perform inference on Intel® Neural Compute Stick 2. 

>    Proceed to the [Get Started Guide](@ref get_started) section to learn the basic OpenVINO™ toolkit workflow and run code samples and demo applications.

Author: ```suggestion
   Proceed to the [Get Started Guide](@ref get_started) to learn the basic OpenVINO™ toolkit workflow and run code samples and demo applications.
```

.. tab:: Raspbian OS

   1. Add the current Linux user to the `users` group:

   .. code-block:: sh

      sudo usermod -a -G users "$(whoami)"

   Log out and log in for it to take effect.

>    2. If you didn't modify `.bashrc` to permanently set the environment variables, run `setupvars.sh` again after logging in:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   2. If you did not modify `.bashrc` to permanently set the environment variables, run `setupvars.sh` again after logging in:
```

   .. code-block:: sh

      source /opt/intel/openvino_2022/setupvars.sh
   

>    3. To perform inference on the Intel® Neural Compute Stick 2, install the USB rules running the `install_NCS_udev_rules.sh` script:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   3. To perform inference on the Intel® Neural Compute Stick 2, install the USB rules by running the `install_NCS_udev_rules.sh` script:
```

   .. code-block:: sh

      sh /opt/intel/openvino_2022/install_dependencies/install_NCS_udev_rules.sh

   4. Plug in your Intel® Neural Compute Stick 2.

   5. (Optional) If you want to compile and run the Image Classification sample to verify the OpenVINO™ toolkit installation, follow the next steps.

>    a. Navigate to a directory that you have write access to and create a samples build directory. This example uses a directory named `build`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   a. Navigate to a directory where you have write access and create a samples build directory. This example uses a directory named `build`:
```

   .. code-block:: sh

      mkdir build && cd build

>    b. Build the Hello Classification Sample:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   b. Build the *Hello Classification* Sample:
```
